Update provenance_format.md (#361)
slsa-framework/slsa-github-generator: PROVENANCE_FORMAT.md

# Provenance Format

The provenance format for each workflow conforms to the [SLSA v0.2 provenance
format](https://slsa.dev/provenance/v0.2). Each of the projects populate the
provenance with the same base information based on GitHub Actions. The common
fields of the SLSA provenance predicate attested to are below.

## Common Fields.

### Builder

`Builder.Id`: The builder ID refers to the fully qualified URI of the trusted builder's workflow and its reference.

```json
"builder": {
  "id": "https://github.com/slsa-framework/slsa-github-generator/.github/workflows/builder_go_slsa3.yml@refs/tags/v0.0.1"
}
```

### Build Type

`buildType`: This is the URI for the particular provenance builder. For example, this is the `buildType` for the Go builder:

```json
"buildType": "https://github.com/slsa-framework/slsa-github-generator/go@v1"
```

In SLSA the [buildType](https://slsa.dev/provenance/v0.2#buildType) defines how
many other fields are formatted including all of those below.

### Invocation

`invocation`: Identifies the event that kicked off the build. This describes the workflow run and includes GitHub workflow event information, entrypoint, and parameters from trigger events.

> `invocation.configSource`: This describes the calling workflow's source and the entrypoint of the build.

Reviewer: Would it make sense to tie this to the example by including the explicit field names in the description?
```suggestion
`invocation.configSource`: This describes the calling workflow's source (`uri` and `digest`) and the `entryPoint` of the build.
```

    }
]
```

### Metadata

> `metadata`: Other properties of the build, including `BuildInvocationID` as the unique `RunID` and `RunAttempt`.

Reviewer: Could we clarify this? Perhaps something like:
```suggestion
`metadata`: Other properties of the build, including `BuildInvocationID`, which is the unique `RunID` and `RunAttempt` separated by a '-'.
```
